TELCODOCS-2328 updating RDS files for 4.20 (#100502)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/telco-core-zones.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * scalability_and_performance/telco_core_ref_design_specs/telco-core-rds.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="telco-core-zones_{context}"]
= Zones

Designing the cluster to support disruption of multiple nodes simultaneously is critical for high availability (HA) and reduced upgrade times.
OpenShift and Kubernetes use the well known label `topology.kubernetes.io/zone` to create pools of nodes that are subject to a common failure domain.
Annotating nodes for topology (availability) zones allows high-availability workloads to spread such that each zone holds only one replica from a set of HA replicated pods.
With this spread the loss of a single zone will not violate HA constraints and minimum service availability will be maintained.

> OpenShift and Kubernetes applies a default TopologySpreadConstraint to all replica constructs (Service, ReplicaSet, StatefulSet or ReplicationController) that spreads the replicas based on the `topology.kubernetes.io/zone` label.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{product-title} and Kubernetes applies a default `TopologySpreadConstraint` to all replica constructs (`Service`, `ReplicaSet`, `StatefulSet` or `ReplicationController`) that spreads the replicas based on the `topology.kubernetes.io/zone` label.
```
